# CS-340-R4864 Client/Server Development 24EW4

1. How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
   - In order to write a program that is maintainable, readable, and adaptable I write code that is modular and can be used for multiple programs. For example, I created CRUD which I was able to use for all of my assignments while not having to re-write the code over and over. In doing so I was able to save time by re-using code instead of re-inventing the wheel each time.
2. How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests
   - In order to approach a problem as a computer scientist, I had to utilize critical thinking. I started out like most of my other projects by going over the requirements to make sure I understood the task at hand. I then made a list of what the final result needed to be and associated them each with a solution or two. I find coming up with multiple solutions may add some time, but it makes it easier when your initial solution does not work the way you intended it to. 
3. What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?
   - Computer scientists look at a problem, disect it, and come up with solutions to the problem. When computer scientists do this for companies, they are looking for known solutions to a given problem and sometimes discover solutions to problems the company may not have even known they had. When software is developed correctly and with maintainable and adaptable code, it helps save companies money and time in the future when changes need to be made. 
